hi guys this is Julia for the LA way
stems and today i want to show you how
to create cards that have and more
interesting for than the regular a two
cards that we use i'm going to be using
these two stamp set by the alleyway
stems and this is a piece of card stock
from Simon system it's the ultra heavy
cardstock it's half of one piece that
means it's four and the quarters wide
and 11 inches long I'm making marks here
at the three inch line and at the 11
inch line which means the middle part is
five inches long you can see it again
here three inches and eight inches
that's where I'm scoring it because
that's rubber will fold this piece of
paper and with the score lines is just
so much easier to fold it um I'm going
to make sure to crease these flaps
really really well because I need them
to stay put and you can see here that's
the result that you're getting very
excited as you can see super excited
about this now I am I've put a view i'm
using my grid mat here to make sure i'm
putting a mark exactly in the center and
then well at the mark to where the lower
flap comes up so the lower flip reaches
further up like behind the upper flap
and i'm just making a mark there and
i've used mighty ruler to exactly
measure where this centre is where these
marks meet and that's where i stand my
superhero mask and then i'm using my
craft knife to cut off the the upper
flap and then i used just my pencil to
make sure that i know where these flaps
meet so you can see that's how i did it
now i'm stamping on the lower flap on
the outside of the lower flap and I'm
protecting the inside of my card so i
won't stamp on that this is it's not
perfectly lined up but hey I'm human
it's a handmade card and it's going to
be so awesome nobody's going to notice
seriously don't judge me so I'm just
making sure I know where the eyes are
going to be very center of my penguin is
and then I'm stamping this on the inside
this is how it looks like huh you're
getting it right and here
I'm stamping the the Batman costume of
my superhero on the outside and on the
inside is my sentiment um you can read a
little bit more on my blog about like
what I was thinking about that so this
is a stencil from Simon Says Stamp it's
a diagonal stencil and i think i'm using
mustard seed or some intense am yellow
color here and you have to be careful
with these intricate stencils you can't
use circular motions when blending you
have to go with the design of the
stencil because otherwise you'll
smoothly ink underneath the plastic then
there are rearranged my car today that
the plastic is covering up the yellow
that I just aimed and now i'm going over
it with the black i'm doing the black on
the second time because otherwise i
would have probably transferred it onto
my card when i'm using the yellow so
starting with the lighter color and then
going to the darkest now when i'm
removing this you'll see the fun border
that I've created for my little bad
penguin here and for the coloring you
know that I'm starting from dark to
light as always and I'm just going to
play some music for you while i'm
coloring the penguin on the inside and
on the outside
you
and here is the finished card I added
some googly eye simply for the fun of it
and you can see it's overlapping
slightly so the mask covers the face of
the penguin then when you reveal it you
see that the true hero is the person
behind the mask that is my card for
today I hope you've enjoyed this rather
you know fun folding card leave me a
comment if you have any questions and
thank you so much for watching see you
again soon bye